son
Mom
Li Xuan
If I divorce you, are you going to take revenge on the Chen family like this?
Revenge I said
This is my gift to your Chen family
My relatives
Disrupting my investment will ruin my opportunity
Are you the only one in the world with such an understanding?
Your Chen family broke the marriage contract
It is regarded as heartless abuse of husband and cleaning
regarded as inhumane
As an officer of the Zhenbei Army, he openly destroyed the martyrs' cemetery
As a disgrace
Abuse of power, corruption and bribery are regarded as traitors
Mother and son betrayal
Inhumane and unjust to stick to the family who stole themselves
I'm still looking at the relationship between husband and wife
I will send you tens of billions of orders.
This is not a gift. What is it?
You fart
The tens of billions of orders were given to the Chen family by his mother.
What does it have to do with you, a poor man?
His tens of billions of orders were sent by you.
Did you send it in your dream?
My son's crime
It must have been beaten into a chapter by you
Hu Lai ashore
Article 1 of the Law of Great Xia Those who destroy the cemetery of martyrs
Article 297 of the Maximum Lowdown Act
Abuse of power
Sentenced to life imprisonment
Bonus points for government officials
Implicate the whole country
I'll shoot you ten times without relieving my hatred
I say you are shameless, are you convinced or not?
Your mother is a big head
I said you broke the law of self-theft
Are you satisfied?
Clothing, clothing, clothing, hahaha.
The whole family goes to the martyrs' cemetery immediately
Kneel down and apologize